From @tellyoursonthis

The reason men are so obsessed with acievement is because nobody gives a fuck about them. Inluding the majority of men.

Men have no inherent value. Women and children are valued simply for existing. 

This is why boyhood to manhood is an especially rough transition for males. 

Because they're no longer loved simply for existing.

Thier worthiness must be proved or they're nothing. And no one cares.

Women preserve their value, men create it.

This is why the average women is more valuable than the average man.

Especially in a osciet which favors women over men.

And this is why the feminist arguments that focus on inequality are trash.

They only focus on the winners.

Success isn't a lifestyle choice for men. It's a matter of life and death. It's a llifestyle choice for women.

A woman who fails in academia or business can just give up an become a mother. 

She will still be wanted for who she is.

Who is interested in a loser man?

Fucking nobody.

So of course men will always outdo women at the high end of society.

BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO

But the flipside to that is men who don't make it aren't even assigned a base level of compassion or human decency.

They are an indivisible underclass.

And you fucks smugly mock them.





GENDER PAY GAP

What you mean by equality.

Why are there only 7 women running top? Because the men in the top 100 are hard working who work 70 or more hours a week. ANd they are wiling to work and sacrifice more to get that. They're very driven. One thing to get to the top.

So you think women dont want that? Thats a part of it.

But you don't think women have more barriers to entry?

Oh yes there are some barriers.

Even for ment getting to the top for men is also very difficult.

Men and women aren't the same. And they won't be the same. It doesn't mean they cannot be treated fairly. 

Is gender inequaility desireable?

If it means inequality of outcome

In scandinavia 20-1 nurse and 1-20 engineers. And sacndinavia has gone the furthest in terms of gender inequality. 

Its not going to be an equailty of outcome if men and women are making individual free choices.

Give equality of oppurtunity to both genders and they will sort themselves. The men are not going to say hey come and take it.

Many disciplines are dominated by women and they are doing well. 

WHo decides what work i s equal? Do you believe in equal pay?

In order to be able to think you have to risk being offesnive. should not be offended. Look at the conversation we're having now. You are certainly willing to risk offending me in the pursuit of truth. Why hsould you have the irght to do that? Its rather making me uncomfortable. You're doing what you should do which is digging a bit see what the hell is going on. And that is what you should do. But you're excercsing your freedom of speech to certainly risk offend me. And that is fine.